PS-9181 [DOCS] - document background dictionary cache reload function… (#440)
percona/psmysql-docs: docs/data-masking-function-list.md

The feature is in [tech preview](glossary.md#tech-preview).

## Permissions

In Percona Server for MySQL 8.0.41, dictionary-related functions no longer run internal queries as the root user without a password. Following MySQL best practices, many admins disable the `root` user, which previously caused these functions to stop working. The server now uses the built-in `mysql.session` user to execute dictionary queries. 

However, for this to work, you need to grant the mysql.session user `SELECT`, `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, and `DELETE` privileges on the `masking_dictionaries` table.

```{.bash data-prompt="mysql>"}
mysql> GRANT SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE ON mysql.masking_dictionaries TO 'mysql.session'@'localhost';
```

> If you change the value of the `component_masking_functions.masking_database()` system variable to something other than `mysql`, make sure to update the `GRANT` query to match the new value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you change the value of the `masking_functions.masking_database` system variable to something other than `mysql`, make sure to update the `GRANT` query to match the new value.
```

```{.bash data-prompt="mysql>"}

> mysql> GRANT SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE ON <component_masking_functions.masking_database>.masking_dictionaries TO 'mysql.session'@'localhost';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mysql> GRANT SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE ON <masking_functions.masking_database>.masking_dictionaries TO 'mysql.session'@'localhost';
```

```

## Data masking component functions

| **Name**                                          | **Details**                                             |
|---------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|

> | [`dictionaries_flush_interval_seconds (integer, unsigned)`](#dictionaries_flush_interval_secondsinteger-unsigned) | The number of seconds between updates to the internal dictionary cache to match changes in the dictionaries table.|

Reviewer: `dictionaries_flush_interval_seconds` is not a function. It is a system variable (GLOBAL,read-only, LONG INTEGER, DEFAULT 0). It should be put into a separate section `compoennt variables`.
`0` means background updates are disabled.

| [`mask_ssn(str [,mask_char])`](#mask_ssnstr-mask_char)    | Masks the US Social Security number                   |
| [`mask_uk_nin(str [,mask_char])`](#mask_uk_ninstr-mask_char)     | Masks the United Kingdom National Insurance number    |
| [`mask_uuid(str [,mask_char])`](#mask_uuidstr-mask_char)         | Masks the Universally Unique Identifier               |

> | [`masking_dictionaries(str)`](#masking_dictionariesstr) | Set a different database name to use for the dictionaries table. |

Reviewer: The correct name is `masking_database`. Likewise, it is not a function, it is a system variable (GLOBAL, read-only, STRING, DEFAULT "mysql"). Regardless of the value of this variable, the name of the dictionaries table will still be `masking_dictionaries` but in another database. The fill name will be `<masking_database>.masking_dictionaries`

| [`masking_dictionaries_flush()`](#masking_dictionaries_flush) | Resyncs the internal dictionary term cache |
| [`masking_dictionary_remove(dictionary_name)`](#masking_dictionary_removedictionary_name)          | Removes the dictionary                                |
| [`masking_dictionary_term_add(dictionary_name, term_name)`](#masking_dictionary_term_adddictionary_name-term_name)     | Adds a term to the masking dictionary                 |
| [`masking_dictionary_term_remove(dictionary_name, term_name)`](#masking_dictionary_term_removedictionary_name-term_name)      | Removes a term from the masking dictionary            |

> ## dictionaries_flush_interval_seconds(integer, unsigned)

Reviewer: The description is OK, but as mentioned previously, this is not a function but a component system variable `masking_functions.dictionaries_flush_interval_seconds`
(similar to `encryption_udf.dh_bits_threshold` from Encryption UDFs https://docs.percona.com/percona-server/8.0/encryption-functions.html#encryption_udfdh_bits_threshold)

The number of seconds between a synchronization between the dictionaries table and the internal dictionary cache.

This variable is read-only. Its default value is 0, which means the synchronization operation does not run. 

## Version update

Percona Server for MySQL 8.0.41 adds this variable.

### Parameters

| Parameter | Optional | Description | Type |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `seconds` | Yes | The number of seconds between a synchronization of the dictionary internal cache and dictionaries table.  | Integer, unsigned |

## gen_blocklist(str, from_dictionary_name, to_dictionary_name)

Replaces a term from one dictionary with a randomly selected term in another dictionary.

### Version update
  

> Percona Server for MySQL 8.0.41 introduces an internal term cache. The server now uses in-memory data structures for lookups instead of querying the `mysql.masking_dictionaries` table every time. This improvement boosts performance, especially when handling multiple rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Percona Server for MySQL 8.0.41 introduces an internal term cache. The server now uses in-memory data structures for lookups instead of querying the `<masking_functions.masking_database>.masking_dictionaries` table every time. This improvement boosts performance, especially when handling multiple rows.
```

Returns a term from a dictionary selected at random.

### Version update
  

> Percona Server for MySQL 8.0.41 introduces an internal term cache. The server now uses in-memory data structures for lookups instead of querying the `mysql.masking_dictionaries` table every time. This improvement boosts performance, especially when handling multiple rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Percona Server for MySQL 8.0.41 introduces an internal term cache. The server now uses in-memory data structures for lookups instead of querying the `<masking_functions.masking_database>.masking_dictionaries` table every time. This improvement boosts performance, especially when handling multiple rows.
```

    +-------------------------------------------------------+
    ```

> ## masking_database(string)

Reviewer: Likewise, this is not a function but a variable

Specify the name of the database that holds the `dictionaries` table. By default, it uses the `mysql` database.

### Parameters

Name of the database as a string.

### Returns

Returns a string value of `1` (one) when successful.

## masking_dictionaries_flush()

Resyncs the internal dictionary term cache.

### Parameters

None

### Returns

> Returns a string value of `1` (one) when successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an integer value of `1` (one) when successful. 
```

    |                                                     1 |
    +-------------------------------------------------------+
    ```

## System variables

| **Name**                                          | **Details**                                             |
|---------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| [`dictionaries_flush_interval_seconds (integer, unsigned)`](#dictionaries_flush_interval_secondsinteger-unsigned) | The number of seconds between updates to the internal dictionary cache to match changes in the dictionaries table.|
| [`masking_database(str)`](#masking_databasestr) | Set a different database name to use for the dictionaries table. |

### dictionaries_flush_interval_seconds(integer, unsigned)

| Option       | Description      |
|--------------|------------------|
| command-line | Yes              |
| scope        | Global           |
| data type    | unsigned integer |

> | default      | 10000            |

Reviewer: The default value is `0` meaning `disabled`
```suggestion
| default      | 0                |
```

> Percona Server for MySQL 8.0.41 adds this variable. The number of seconds between a synchronization between the dictionaries table and the internal dictionary cache. The default value is 10,000 seconds (2 hours and 46 minutes). The minimum value is 1 second. The maximum value is 31,536,000 seconds (1 year).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Percona Server for MySQL 8.0.41 adds this variable. The number of seconds between a synchronization between the dictionaries table and the internal dictionary cache. The default value is 0 seconds (disabled). The minimum value is 1 second. The maximum value is 31,536,000 seconds (1 year).
```

### masking_database(string)

| Option         | Description        |
| -------------- | ------------------ |
| Scope:         | Global             |
| Read, Write, or Read-Only:     | Read-Only |
| Data type | String |
| Default value | "mysql" |

Specify the name of the database that holds the `masking_dictionaries` table. By default, it uses the `mysql` database.

> ### Returns
> 
> Returns a string value of `1` (one) when successful.

Reviewer: Leftovers from `being a function` assumption. Just remove
```suggestion
```
